# StrongPasswordGenerator
A simple Python script to generate random passwords of random length in  specified range. It uses python libraries like secret and random and All ASCII punctuation, digits and alphabet(US English) to generate passwords. It avoids clustering and adjacant repetition of characters... That can be disables by removing the # comment tag to enable randomizatino of the generated passwords to bypass the above logic.

I am a python enthusiast and I write code. I however prefer Ideas more than the implementation itself. This project came out unplanned and still is pretty example of how AI can do wonders. It is like doodling in realtime.

I had an Idea and quickly made this code using the algorithm, with help of OpenAI GPT 3.5
As of now, all the passwords generated by this code are scoring 4 in zxcvbn test.


Disclaimer.
This code was developed with the assistance of OpenAI's GPT-3.5 model. However, ChatGPT is a trademark of OpenAI inc and the published material doesn't represent the views of OpenAI and is published by the author without any warranty: explicit or implicit of any kind. You may use it as you please at your own risk. Under no circumstance are you to hold the publisher or OpenAI liable for any losses or damages of any kind arising out of use of the published material





                            ***
JUly 4 2022
update: I have uplploaded compiled files for windows sixty fore bit editon fort those who don't want to deal with a python interpreter. it is a zip file that you can simply extract and run(passgen.exe)
Linux, I haven't done yet. Anyway linux users can use the terminal.
You can compile it yourself using Nuitka or Pyinstaller libraries by following their instructions on PyPi.org...
